The your_group_name pet clinic and grooming services Web Application
the shop offers a wide range of services like breed specific haircuts, and health checkups. A resident veterinarian provides excellent care for your fur babies. your pet's wellbeing is their main concern.

Functional Requirements
Machine Problems. use Datatables. create model relationships
Mp1 create customer CRUD functions. let the customer create and update her information. the administrator can delete/deactivate the customer.
mp3 create pet CRUD functions. the customer will enter their pet's detail.
mp4 create employee CRUD functions. let the employee signup and the administrator update the employee's role.
mp5 create pet grooming services CRUD functions with multiple photo uploads of sample haircuts.
mp6 create import excel files function for mp1-mp5.
mp7 create an event that will send an email when a new customer signs up.

Unit test use attach/sync and eager loading
unit 1 create a script for pet health consultation or checkup. the employee evaluates the pet's condition and enters that information to the app. the vet can choose from a predefined list of common diseases or pet injuries. vet observations/comments are also recorded. send an email detailing the result of the consultation to the pet owner 15pts
unit 2 create an authentication/login function with middleware for employees. CRUD pages are only accessible by the administrator and employee. Customers have their own profile page. 15pts
quiz 1 create a script that will search for a pet and show it's medical history. a pet can have multiple checkups. use spatie model search or any search package 10pts. use eager loading 5pts
quiz 2 create a script that will search for a customer and view their transaction history. use spatie model search or any search package 10pts. use eager loading 5pts
quiz 3 create a script that will let guests comment on grooming services. use a profanity filter package 10pts
quiz 4 create a chart that shows number of pets groomed with a given date range. use date pickers 10pts
quiz 5 create a chart that shows the total number of pets and the disease/injuries they suffered. 10pts
quiz 6 User Interface Design and Navigation 10pts

Term Test 30pts
1. create CRUD scripts for pet grooming transaction. the customer adds the services she needs. once payment is made, the employee will update the transaction as finished/completed.
20pts
2. A receipt will be generated after every transaction. the receipt will be exported on a pdf file. 5pts
3. add header and footer information on the receipt. format the pdf layout 5pts

Project Requirements may be updated or revised.
This is a two(2) student project. you may or may not get the same grade. Code contribution is a factor. Choose your partner wisely.
Full credit will be given if you answer intelligently
2pts will be deducted in the raw grade for each day that you were absent during checking day
Everybody should be present on the last day of checking.
Open your Camera when you are presenting.
Goodluck